2018_general_chairs@ieeevis.org
    petra@isg.cs.uni-magdeburg.de
    theisel@ovgu.de
archive@ieeevis.org
    c.dunne@northeastern.edu
    hendrik@strobelt.com
art@ieeevis.org
    myjyby@gmail.com
    t.nagel@hs-mannheim.de
associated_conference_events@ieeevis.org
    art@ieeevis.org
    doctoral_coll@ieeevis.org
    ldav@ieeevis.org
    scivis_contest@ieeevis.org
    vast_challenge@ieeevis.org
    vds@ieeevis.org
    viskids@ieeevis.org
    vizsec@ieeevis.org
    workshops@ieeevis.org
beliv@ieeevis.org
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
biovis@ieeevis.org
    g.elisabeta.marai@gmail.com
community@ieeevis.org
    anab@lri.fr
    weiwei.cui@microsoft.com
    woodring@lanl.gov
core_committee@ieeevis.org
    archive@ieeevis.org
    event_planning@ieeevis.org
    finance@ieeevis.org
    general_chair@ieeevis.org
    incoming_chairs@ieeevis.org
    program@ieeevis.org
    vec_chair@ieeevis.org
    vice_chair@ieeevis.org
doctoral_coll@ieeevis.org
    fanny@dgp.toronto.edu
    marc.streit@jku.at
    rmacieje@asu.edu
    timo.ropinski@uni-ulm.de
event_planning@ieeevis.org
    nicole@ctocevents.com
eventplanner@ieeevis.org
    liz@ctocevents.com
    nicole@ctocevents.com
ff@ieeevis.org
    ayanju04@gmail.com
    katerina.vrotsou@liu.se
    leoli@adobe.com
finance@ieeevis.org
    lauvil@illinois.edu
    mariacv@gmail.com
general_chair@ieeevis.org
    theisel@ovgu.de
incoming_chairs@ieeevis.org
    cyberpsychologist@me.com
    endert@gatech.edu
    kirby@cs.utah.edu
    pascucci@sci.utah.edu
    wesley.willett@ucalgary.ca
info@ieeevis.org
    jesuscaban@gmail.com
    mhaley@sfu.ca
    vis2016gc@gmail.com
infovis_oc@ieeevis.org
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    anab@lri.fr
    basole@gatech.edu
    christopher.collins@uoit.ca
    elm@umd.edu
    fanny.chevalier@inria.fr
    franconeri@northwestern.edu
    huamin@cse.ust.hk
    j.dykes@city.ac.uk
    jtalbot@tableau.com
    leoli@adobe.com
    marc.streit@jku.at
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
    miriah@cs.utah.edu
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
infovis_papers@ieeevis.org
    franconeri@northwestern.edu
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
infovis_posters@ieeevis.org
    miriah@cs.utah.edu
    nath@microsoft.com
infovis_sc@ieeevis.org
    j.dykes@city.ac.uk
    Jean-Daniel.Fekete@inria.fr
    jheer@uw.edu
    pfister@seas.harvard.edu
    scnorth@gmail.com
    sheelagh@ucalgary.ca
    tmm@cs.ubc.ca
infrastructure_committees@ieeevis.org
    ff@ieeevis.org
    meetups@ieeevis.org
    publications@ieeevis.org
    publicity@ieeevis.org
    sv@ieeevis.org
    web@ieeevis.org
ldav@ieeevis.org
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
main_conference_events@ieeevis.org
    panels@ieeevis.org
    papers@ieeevis.org
    posters@ieeevis.org
    tutorials@ieeevis.org
meetups@ieeevis.org
    aashish.chaudhary@kitware.com
    adam.perer@gmail.com
    rita.borgo@kcl.ac.uk
organizing_committee@ieeevis.org
    abonmail@gmail.com
    adam.perer@gmail.com
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    allen@sci.utah.edu
    amit@sdsc.edu
    anab@lri.fr
    angus.forbes@gmail.com
    basole@gatech.edu
    bfisher@sfu.ca
    Cagatay.Turkay.1@city.ac.uk
    chaoli.wang@nd.edu
    christopher.collins@uoit.ca
    cscheid@cs.arizona.edu
    daniela.oelke@siemens.com
    elm@umd.edu
    endert@gatech.edu
    fanny.chevalier@inria.fr
    franconeri@northwestern.edu
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
    gau.chau@gmail.com
    ghweber@lbl.gov
    grinstein@cs.uml.edu
    hank@uoregon.edu
    hanwei.shen@gmail.com
    hendrik@strobelt.com
    hentschel@vr.rwth-aachen.de
    hguo@anl.gov
    huamin@cse.ust.hk
    ingrid.hotz@liu.se
    j.dykes@city.ac.uk
    james.ahrens@gmail.com
    jcbenne@sandia.gov
    jean-daniel.fekete@inria.fr
    jheer@uw.edu
    joern.kohlhammer@igd.fraunhofer.de
    johnwenskovitch@gmail.com
    justintalbot@gmail.com
    katerina.vrotsou@liu.se
    katie.osterdahl@kitware.com
    kelly@tacc.utexas.edu
    kirby@cs.utah.edu
    kris.cook@pnnl.gov
    lauvil@illinois.edu
    lbornn@sfu.ca
    leoli@adobe.com
    liushixia@gmail.com
    ltharrison@wpi.edu
    m.borkin@northeastern.edu
    marc.streit@jku.at
    mariacv@gmail.com
    mark.a.whiting@pnnl.gov
    matkovic@vrvis.at
    mhaley@sfu.ca
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
    miksch@ifs.tuwien.ac.at
    miriah@cs.utah.edu
    myjyby@gmail.com
    natalia.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    petra@isg.cs.uni-magdeburg.de
    pfister@seas.harvard.edu
    pl@llnl.gov
    remco@cs.tufts.edu
    rmacieje@asu.edu
    scnorth@gmail.com
    sheelagh@ucalgary.ca
    sjengle@cs.usfca.edu
    Steffen.Koch@vis.uni-stuttgart.de
    tatiana.von.landesberger@gris.tu-darmstadt.de
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
    theisel@ovgu.de
    thomas.torsney-weir@univie.ac.at
    tmm@cs.ubc.ca
    tobias.schreck@cgv.tugraz.at
    torsten.moeller@univie.ac.at
    vahan.yoghourdjian@gmail.com
    viola@cg.tuiwen.ac.at
    visweeksvchairs@gmail.com
    wdou1@uncc.edu
    weinkauf@kth.se
    wischoll@wright.edu
    woodring@lanl.gov
    xiaoru.yuan@pku.edu.cn
    zhange@engr.orst.edu
organizing_committee_2016@ieeevis.org
    abonmail@gmail.com
    aforbes@uic.edu
    alan@keahey.org
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    allen@sci.utah.edu
    basole@gatech.edu
    berk.geveci@kitware.com
    bfisher@sfu.ca
    bongshin@microsoft.com
    daniel.best@pnnl.gov
    daniela.oelke@siemens.com
    elm@umd.edu
    endert@gatech.edu
    enrico.bertini@nyu.edu
    fanny.chevalier@inria.fr
    g.elisabeta.marai@gmail.com
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
    gau.chau@gmail.com
    gennady.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    ggrinstein@gmail.com
    ghweber@lbl.gov
    hank@cs.uoregon.edu
    hanwei.shen@gmail.com
    hentschel@vr.rwth-aachen.de
    j.b.t.m.roerdink@rug.nl
    j.dykes@city.ac.uk
    james.ahrens@gmail.com
    jean-daniel.fekete@inria.fr
    jesus.j.caban.civ@mail.mil
    jheer@uw.edu
    jichen@umbc.edu
    jing.yang@uncc.edu
    joao.comba@gmail.com
    joern.kohlhammer@igd.fraunhofer.de
    johnwenskovitch@gmail.com
    justintalbot@gmail.com
    kirby@sci.utah.edu
    klma@ucdavis.edu
    kris.cook@pnl.gov
    lauvil@illinois.edu
    leitte@cs.uni-kl.de
    liushixia@gmail.com
    marc.streit@jku.at
    margit@igw.tuwien.ac.at
    mariacv@gmail.com
    mark.a.whiting@pnl.gov
    markus.hadwiger@kaust.edu.sa
    matkovic@vrvis.at
    mhaley@sfu.ca
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
    miriah.meyer@gmail.com
    myjyby@gmail.com
    natalia.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    Nathalie.Henry@microsoft.com
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    pfister@seas.harvard.edu
    pierre.dragice@gmail.com
    remcochang@gmail.com
    scnorth@gmail.com
    sheelagh@ucalgary.ca
    shixia@tsinghua.edu.cn
    stasko@cc.gatech.edu
    tatiana.von.landesberger@gris.tu-darmstadt.de
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
    thomas.torsney-weir@univie.ac.at
    tmm@cs.ubc.ca
    tobias.schreck@cgv.tugraz.at
    tpeterka@mcs.anl.gov
    vis2016gc@gmail.com
    visweeksvchairs@gmail.com
    wdou1@uncc.edu
    weinkauf@kth.se
    xiaoru.yuan@pku.edu.cn
outreach@ieeevis.org
    community@ieeevis.org
    supporters@ieeevis.org
    vip@ieeevis.org
panels@ieeevis.org
    danyelf@microsoft.com
    endert@gatech.edu
    viola@cg.tuwien.ac.at
papers@ieeevis.org
    bfisher@sfu.ca
    elm@umd.edu
    franconeri@northwestern.edu
    ingrid.hotz@liu.se
    kirby@cs.utah.edu
    liushixia@gmail.com
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
    tobias.schreck@cgv.tugraz.at
    xiaoru.yuan@pku.edu.cn
posters@ieeevis.org
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
    ghweber@lbl.gov
    miriah@cs.utah.edu
    natalia.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    wdou1@uncc.edu
previous_archive@ieeevis.org
    hendrik@strobelt.com
previous_art@ieeevis.org
    angus.forbes@gmail.com
    myjyby@gmail.com
previous_beliv@ieeevis.org
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
previous_community@ieeevis.org
    anab@lri.fr
    woodring@lanl.gov
    zhange@engr.orst.edu
previous_doctoral_coll@ieeevis.org
    hank@uoregon.edu
    marc.streit@jku.at
    tatiana.von.landesberger@gris.tu-darmstadt.de
previous_ff@ieeevis.org
    hguo@anl.gov
    katerina.vrotsou@liu.se
    leoli@adobe.com
previous_finance@ieeevis.org
    lauvil@illinois.edu
    mariacv@gmail.com
previous_general_chair@ieeevis.org
    james.ahrens@gmail.com
previous_incoming_chairs@ieeevis.org
    petra@isg.cs.uni-magdeburg.de
    theisel@ovgu.de
previous_infovis_papers@ieeevis.org
    franconeri@northwestern.edu
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
previous_infovis_posters@ieeevis.org
    petra.isenberg@inria.fr
    tgdwyer@gmail.com
previous_ldav@ieeevis.org
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
    jcbenne@sandia.gov
previous_meetups@ieeevis.org
    abonmail@gmail.com
    fanny.chevalier@inria.fr
    matkovic@vrvis.at
previous_panels@ieeevis.org
    endert@gatech.edu
    michael.sedlmair@univie.ac.at
    viola@cg.tuwien.ac.at
previous_program@ieeevis.org
    gau.chau@gmail.com
previous_publications@ieeevis.org
    mhaley@cs.sfu.ca
previous_publicity@ieeevis.org
    adam.perer@gmail.com
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    katie.osterdahl@kitware.com
previous_scivis_contest@ieeevis.org
    amit@sdsc.edu
    thomas.wischgoll@wright.edu
previous_scivis_papers@ieeevis.org
    ingrid.hotz@liu.se
    kirby@cs.utah.edu
    xiaoru.yuan@pku.edu.cn
previous_scivis_posters@ieeevis.org
    <none>
previous_supporters@ieeevis.org
    allen@sci.utah.edu
    basole@gatech.edu
    joern.kohlhammer@igd.fraunhofer.de
    kelly@tacc.utexas.edu
previous_sv@ieeevis.org
    johnwenskovitch@gmail.com
    thomas.torsney-weir@univie.ac.at
    vahan.yoghourdjian@gmail.com
    visweeksvchairs@gmail.com
previous_tutorials@ieeevis.org
    chaoli.wang@nd.edu
    christopher.collins@uoit.ca
    Steffen.Koch@vis.uni-stuttgart.de
previous_vast_challenge@ieeevis.org
    ggrinstein@cs.umass.edu
    kris.cook@pnnl.gov
    mark.a.whiting@pnnl.gov
previous_vast_papers@ieeevis.org
    huamin@cse.ust.hk
    remco@cs.tufts.edu
    tobias.schreck@cgv.tugraz.at
previous_vast_posters@ieeevis.org
    <none>
previous_vds@ieeevis.org
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    lbornn@sfu.ca
    torsten.moeller@univie.ac.at
previous_vice_chair@ieeevis.org
    rmacieje@asu.edu
previous_vip@ieeevis.org
    daniela.oelke@siemens.com
    hentschel@vr.rwth-aachen.de
    justintalbot@gmail.com
previous_vizsec@ieeevis.org
    sjengle@cs.usfca.edu
previous_web@ieeevis.org
    cscheid@cs.arizona.edu
    ltharrison@wpi.edu
    mhaley@sfu.ca
previous_workshops@ieeevis.org
    huamin@cse.ust.hk
    pl@llnl.gov
    remco@cs.tufts.edu
program@ieeevis.org
    gau.chau@gmail.com
publications@ieeevis.org
    mhaley@sfu.ca
publicity@ieeevis.org
    behrisch@g.harvard.edu
    d.w.archambault@swansea.ac.uk
    katie.osterdahl@kitware.com
sc_liaisons@ieeevis.org
    hanwei.shen@gmail.com
    J.Dykes@city.ac.uk
    miksch@ifs.tuwien.ac.at
    tmm@cs.ubc.ca
scivis_contest@ieeevis.org
    patchett2002@gmail.com
    thomas.wischgoll@wright.edu
scivis_oc@ieeevis.org
    abonmail@gmail.com
    allen@sci.utah.edu
    amit@sdsc.edu
    chaoli.wang@nd.edu
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
    ghweber@ucdavis.edu
    hank@uoregon.edu
    hanwei.shen@gmail.com
    hentschel@vr.rwth-aachen.de
    hguo@anl.gov
    ingrid.hotz@liu.se
    katie.osterdahl@kitware.com
    kelly@tacc.utexas.edu
    kirby@cs.utah.edu
    pl@llnl.gov
    viola@cg.tuwien.ac.at
    wischoll@wright.edu
    woodring@lanl.gov
    xiaoru.yuan@pku.edu.cn
scivis_papers@ieeevis.org
    Daniel.Weiskopf@visus.uni-stuttgart.de
    fuji@ics.keio.ac.jp
    ghweber@lbl.gov
scivis_posters@ieeevis.org
    chen.8028@osu.edu
    garth@cs.uni-kl.de
scivis_sc@ieeevis.org
    anders.ynnerman@liu.se
    baoquan.chen@gmail.com
    csilva@nyu.edu
    fuji@ics.keio.ac.jp
    hagen@informatik.uni-kl.de
    hwshen@cse.ohio-state.edu
    james.ahrens@gmail.com
    silver@ece.rutgers.edu
supporters@ieeevis.org
    alex@sci.utah.edu
    allen@sci.utah.edu
    joern.kohlhammer@igd.fraunhofer.de
    kelly@tacc.utexas.edu
sv@ieeevis.org
    fumeng_yang@brown.edu
    gerrits@isg.cs.uni-magdeburg.de
    jw87@vt.edu
    thomas.torsney-weir@univie.ac.at
    tluciani21@gmail.com
testlist@ieeevis.org
    cscheid@cs.arizona.edu
tutorials@ieeevis.org
    chaoli.wang@nd.edu
    christopher.collins@uoit.ca
    Steffen.Koch@vis.uni-stuttgart.de
vast-challenge@ieeevis.org
    vast_challenge@ieeevis.org
vast@ieeevis.org
    matt@cs.wpi.edu
vast_challenge@ieeevis.org
    ggrinstein@cs.umass.edu
    kris.cook@pnnl.gov
    mark.a.whiting@pnnl.gov
vast_papers@ieeevis.org
    huamin@cse.ust.hk
    remco@cs.tufts.edu
    tobias.schreck@cgv.tugraz.at
vast_posters@ieeevis.org
    tatiana.von.landesberger@gris.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de
    wdou1@uncc.edu
vast_sc@ieeevis.org
    bfisher@sfu.ca
    ebertd@purdue.edu
    gennady.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    keim@informatik.uni-konstanz.de
    miksch@ifs.tuwien.ac.at
    min.chen@oerc.ox.ac.uk
    santucci@dis.uniroma1.it
    stasko@cc.gatech.edu
vds-papers@ieeevis.org
    adam.perer@gmail.com
    cscheid@cs.arizona.edu
vds@ieeevis.org
    torsten.moeller@univie.ac.at
vec@ieeevis.org
    ari@cs.stonybrook.edu
    bfisher@sfu.ca
    csilva@nyu.edu
    hagen@informatik.uni-kl.de
    hwshen@cse.ohio-state.edu
    j.dykes@city.ac.uk
    Jean-Daniel.Fekete@inria.fr
    mark.livingston@nrl.navy.mil
    miksch@ifs.tuwien.ac.at
    pfister@seas.harvard.edu
    rachael.b.brady@gmail.com
    tmm@cs.ubc.ca
vice_chair@ieeevis.org
    bernhard.preim@ovgu.de
    hege@zib.de
    scheuermann@informatik.uni-leipzig.de
vip@ieeevis.org
    daniela.oelke@siemens.com
    hentschel@vr.rwth-aachen.de
    mabrehme@microsoft.com
vis2016-gc@ieeevis.org
    jesus.j.caban.civ@mail.mil
    vis2016gc@gmail.com
visa-letters@ieeevis.org
    nicole@ctocevents.com
    veronica@ctocevents.com
viskids@ieeevis.org
    m.borkin@northeastern.edu
    weinkauf@kth.se
visreg@ieeevis.org
    mariacv@gmail.com
    nicole@ctocevents.com
vizsec@ieeevis.org
    diane.staheli@ll.mit.edu
web@ieeevis.org
    alper.sarikaya@microsoft.com
    bilal.alsallakh@us.bosch.com
    cscheid@cs.arizona.edu
    dorwarth@isg.cs.uni-magdeburg.de
    ltharrison@wpi.edu
    mhaley@sfu.ca
workshops@ieeevis.org
    J.D.Wood@city.ac.uk
    natalia.andrienko@iais.fraunhofer.de
    pl@llnl.gov
