---
title: Speakers and Presenters
layout: main-2017
permalink: /year/2017/info/presenter-information/speakers-and-presenters
---
VIS Paper presenters have 20 minutes --- including questions --- for
their talk. Please be respectful of this time limit.

All meeting rooms will be equipped with a projector with a minimum
native resolution of 1280 X 800. Each room is equipped with a "state
of the art", industry standard, HDMI scaler that will handle a maximum
resolution of 1920 X 1200.

To gain maximum size and benefit on the screen, we encourage speakers
to utilize the 16x9 wide format Powerpoint templates.

**Download the [Powerpoint template file](/attachments/vis_2017.ppt)**

We will have switched connections for presentations from laptops.

In addition each room will have a standalone Windows 8 laptop with MS
Office 2013, IE browser, CDRW drive, 4GB RAM.

Presenters are encouraged to bring their own laptop (with video
adapter if your laptop does not have standard HD15, HDMI, DVI
connectoins) for panels, papers, and presentations. For speakers not
bringing their own laptops, the best options for basic Microsoft
PowerPoint presentations are to bring along a portable USB drive or
burn the presentation file onto a CD along with any necessary software
plug-ins. Time will be available the evening previous to your
presentation to load your presentation onto the actual PC you will be
using, with time to check for any movie/sound link issues. A switchbox
will be available at each lectern for multiple machine connections.

We support computer audio in each of the rooms with 2+ connections
that are shared between the presenters. We also have 2+ wireless
lavilier mics in each room to be shared between presenters.

Presenters are expected to arrive to their session 15 minutes early to
meet their session chair and receive final instructions.


